# csc116-051-P4-02

Creates a GUI of a game where user clicks symbols that appear on a board to get points, once clicked the symbol remains on the board.

Symbol Class: This class represents a single animal symbol used in the wack-a-moe game. First I created private instance fields to represent a name, points, and a boolean on whether an object was clicked, then I created a constructor to assign parameter values to the instance variables and check for invalid values. Then I added get methods to return the instance values, then I added a equal method to confirm the symbols being compared are equal. Finally I added a toString method which would return the private instance values seperated by a space. 

Grid Class: This class represents a 2D layout of the symbols in the wack-a-moe game. First I added private instance fields to represent rows, cols, and symbols (called the Symbol class previously for this). Next I created a constructor to assign current instance values to be equal to the parameters (if invalid then it throw an IllegalArgumentException), next I added get methods to return the instance values. Then I created a setSymbol method to store the symbol in a 2D array at any given row/column, first it checks for invalid values, then it the values in array are valid, it will return a specific element in array for symbol. Finally I added a toString method which would iterate through the rows, adding each column element in array to string seperated by a space, then move onto next row with a linebreak prior. 

WhackaMole Class: This class handles the logic behind the game and calls upon the grid and symbol class to create a 2D array which represents the game, the array uses the random class to randomly display symbols which will have an associated symbol and value to them. The class recognizes if a symbol has been clicked with hasBeenClicked and will set the symbol as clicked, add the points to total, and if user fails to click it then it will add a miss

WhackAMole GUI Class: This class creates the GUI interface that the user interacts with, it uses the previous classes to display a grid which has symbols with point values pop up randomly, if the user clicks it then it will add points to total and highlight, else it will disapear and add one to their miss counter. This will continue until the game ends or the user clicks quit.
